



Network Working Group                                          B. Munyan
Internet-Draft                                              A. Montville
Intended status: Informational              Center for Internet Security
Expires: November 3, 2017                                   May 02, 2017


  Enumeration Reference Format for Configuration Checklist Information
       draft-mandm-sacm-rolie-configuration-checklist-enumref-00

Abstract

   Configuration checklist information can be represented using a number
   of XML data representations, such as the eXtensible Checklist
   Configuration Description Format (XCCDF), versions 1.1 and 1.2,
   Security Content Automation Protocol (SCAP) version 1.2 data-stream
   collections, and Open Vulnerability and Assessment Language (OVAL)
   definitions.

   This document establishes a stand-alone data format to include both
   the external specification and specific enumeration identification
   value, and establishes an IANA registry to manage external
   enumeration specifications.

Status of This Memo

   This Internet-Draft is submitted in full conformance with the
   provisions of BCP 78 and BCP 79.

   Internet-Drafts are working documents of the Internet Engineering
   Task Force (IETF).  Note that other groups may also distribute
   working documents as Internet-Drafts.  The list of current Internet-
   Drafts is at http://datatracker.ietf.org/drafts/current/.

   Internet-Drafts are draft documents valid for a maximum of six months
   and may be updated, replaced, or obsoleted by other documents at any
   time.  It is inappropriate to use Internet-Drafts as reference
   material or to cite them other than as "work in progress."

   This Internet-Draft will expire on November 3, 2017.

Copyright Notice

   Copyright (c) 2017 IETF Trust and the persons identified as the
   document authors.  All rights reserved.

   This document is subject to BCP 78 and the IETF Trust's Legal
   Provisions Relating to IETF Documents
   (http://trustee.ietf.org/license-info) in effect on the date of



Munyan & Montville      Expires November 3, 2017                [Page 1]

Internet-Draft              rolie-cc-enumref                    May 2017


   publication of this document.  Please review these documents
   carefully, as they describe your rights and restrictions with respect
   to this document.  Code Components extracted from this document must
   include Simplified BSD License text as described in Section 4.e of
   the Trust Legal Provisions and are provided without warranty as
   described in the Simplified BSD License.

Table of Contents

   1.  Introduction  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   2
   2.  Terminology . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   2
     2.1.  The need for enumeration references . . . . . . . . . . .   2
     2.2.  rolie:format "configuration-checklist" Extension  . . . .   2
   Authors' Addresses  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   2

1.  Introduction

   TODO

2.  Terminology

   TODO

2.1.  The need for enumeration references

   In the context of the "configuration-checklist", the "rolie:format"
   can reference numerous data serializations; different types of
   checklist content that can be utilized by consumers.  Consumers may
   only require a PDF version of the checklist, providing prose and
   descriptive information about the checklist and its recommendations.
   Automation content consumers may have the ability to ingest and parse
   XML versions of the checklist in numerous forms, such as eXtensible
   Configuration Checklist Description Format (XCCDF) documents (of
   various versions), data-stream collections utilizing standards
   defined by the Security Content Automation Protocol (SCAP), or
   definitions written in the Open Vulnerability and Assessment Language
   (OVAL).  Publishers MAY provide configuration checklist formatted
   entries in any or all of these serializations, and consumers MAY
   choose to ignore those serializations which are not supported in
   their organizations or by their tooling.

2.2.  rolie:format "configuration-checklist" Extension

Authors' Addresses







Munyan & Montville      Expires November 3, 2017                [Page 2]

Internet-Draft              rolie-cc-enumref                    May 2017


   Bill Munyan
   Center for Internet Security
   31 Tech Valley Drive
   East Greenbush, NY  12061
   USA

   Email: bill.munyan.ietf@gmail.com


   Adam Montville
   Center for Internet Security
   31 Tech Valley Drive
   East Greenbush, NY  12061
   USA

   Email: adam.w.montville@gmail.com



































Munyan & Montville      Expires November 3, 2017                [Page 3]
